{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh12360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 FERRAGUSTO\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  - \'a32,495\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Urban Ramble-R - \'a32,295\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 MOTO-ONE\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - \'a32,195\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 URBAN RAMBLE-R
\b0 \ulnone \
\'a0\
A spacious, versatile, typically styled step-through moped, designed to tackle everyday use with ease and comfort. Suitable for all ages and aimed towards both males and females, this bike is tough and robust and will withstand the daily commute or trips in to town with ease. Boasting a powerful 3000w motor and the 72v 30ah Lithium battery, this bike is as fast and dynamic as you\'92re going to get. A very useful rear metal rack is great for those needing to attach a rear pannier / back box for carrying things around and comes with deep tread all weather tyres for maximum grip and assurance. For anybody looking for a sensible commuter / city bike, this is certainly the one.\
\'a0\
Model:\'a0
\b URBAN RAMBLE-R
\b0 \
Motor: 3000 watts\
Battery: 72v 30ah Lithium (fixed)\
Alarm: yes\
Charge time: 3-8 hours\
Speed: 45mph + (restricted to 30mph)\
Range: up to 55 miles per charge\
Climbing angle: 20 degrees\
Max load: 130 kgs\
Stand location: Centre and side stand\
Colours available: Black\
\'a0\
\'a0\

\b \ul MOTO-ONE
\b0 \ulnone \
\'a0\
A cutting edge, new age designed bike, aimed at the younger market who aim to make a statement. Incredibly comfortable to ride with fantastic power, acceleration and handling this bike is a real head-turner and talking point. Housing the powerful 3000w motor and a 72v 30ah silicon battery, this bike will transport the younger generation to college or work in both style and grace. A very useful storage compartment is hidden under the dummy petrol tank lid. Finally, this model has the marvellous chunky style tyres that promote superb grip and another edgy design talking point.\
\'a0\
Model:\'a0
\b MOTO-ONE 
\b0 \
Motor: 3000 watts\
Battery: 72v 30ah silicon (fixed)\
Alarm: yes\
Charge time: 6-7 hours\
Speed: 35mph + (restricted to 30mph)\
Range: up to 37 miles per charge\
Climbing angle: 25 degrees\
Max load: 130 kgs\
Stand location: side stand\
\'a0\
Colours available: Red and Blue\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 FERRAGUSTO\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
The classic Italian design, made synonymous by a well-known Italian scooter brand. This bike is a real eye-catcher and puts a smile on everyone\'92s face with its wow factor. It\'92s built to a fantastic standard with a real solid yet nimble feel when riding. This is the perfect commuter / city bike for those with style in mind and who have maybe once dreamed of being a part of the \'91mod\'92 life. Benefitting from the removeable lithium battery and can even house 2 batteries for those looking for a better range. A convenient storage space in the rear right wheel arch. Designed with all ages and both males and females in mind. The fashionista\'92s choice!\
\'a0\
Model:\'a0\cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 FERRAGUSTO\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Motor: 2000 watts\
Battery: 72v 26ah Lithium (removeable)\
Alarm: yes\
Charge time: 3-4 hours\
Speed: 37mph + (restricted to 30mph)\
Range: up to 31 miles per charge (one battery)\
Climbing angle: 30 degrees\
Max load: 130 kgs\
Stand location: Centre and side stand\
Colours available: Black and Blue\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}